<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>IV: In Which It Is Shown That Tiggers Don‚Äôt Climb Trees</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-4" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">IV</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">In Which It Is Shown That Tiggers Don‚Äôt Climb Trees</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>One day when Pooh was thinking, he thought he would go and see Eeyore, because he hadn‚Äôt seen him since yesterday. And as he walked through the heather, singing to himself, he suddenly remembered that he hadn‚Äôt seen Owl since the day before yesterday, so he thought that he would just look in at the Hundred Acre Wood on the way and see if Owl was at home.</p>
			<p>Well, he went on singing, until he came to the part of the stream where the stepping-stones were, and when he was in the middle of the third stone he began to wonder how Kanga and Roo and Tigger were getting on, because they all lived together in a different part of the Forest. And he thought, ‚ÄúI haven‚Äôt seen Roo for a long time, and if I don‚Äôt see him today it will be a still longer time.‚Äù So he sat down on the stone in the middle of the stream, and sang another verse of his song, while he wondered what to do.</p>
			<p>The other verse of the song was like this:</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:song">
				<p>
					<span>I could spend a happy morning</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Seeing Roo,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I could spend a happy morning</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Being Pooh.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For it doesn‚Äôt seem to matter,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If I don‚Äôt get any fatter</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(And I <em>don‚Äôt</em> get any fatter),</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">What I do.</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>The sun was so delightfully warm, and the stone, which had been sitting in it for a long time, was so warm, too, that Pooh had almost decided to go on being Pooh in the middle of the stream for the rest of the morning, when he remembered Rabbit.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúRabbit,‚Äù said Pooh to himself. ‚ÄúI <em>like</em> talking to Rabbit. He talks about sensible things. He doesn‚Äôt use long, difficult words, like Owl. He uses short, easy words, like ‚ÄòWhat about lunch?‚Äô and ‚ÄòHelp yourself, Pooh.‚Äô I suppose <i>really</i>, I ought to go and see Rabbit.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Which made him think of another verse:</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:song">
				<p>
					<span>Oh, I like his way of talking,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Yes, I do.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It‚Äôs the nicest way of talking</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Just for two.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And a Help-yourself with Rabbit</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though it may become a habit,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is a <em>pleasant</em> sort of habit</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For a Pooh.</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>So when he had sung this, he got up off his stone, walked back across the stream, and set off for Rabbit‚Äôs house.</p>
			<p>But he hadn‚Äôt got far before he began to say to himself:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes, but suppose Rabbit is out?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOr suppose I get stuck in his front door again, coming out, as I did once when his front door wasn‚Äôt big enough?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBecause I <em>know</em> I‚Äôm not getting fatter, but his front door may be getting thinner.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo wouldn‚Äôt it be better if‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>And all the time he was saying things like this he was going more and more westerly, without thinking‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ until suddenly he found himself at his own front door again.</p>
			<p>And it was eleven o‚Äôclock.</p>
			<p>Which was Time-for-a-little-something.‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶</p>
			<p>Half an hour later he was doing what he had always really meant to do, he was stumping off to Piglet‚Äôs house. And as he walked, he wiped his mouth with the back of his paw, and sang rather a fluffy song through the fur. It went like this:</p>
			<blockquote epub:type="z3998:song">
				<p>
					<span>I could spend a happy morning</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Seeing Piglet.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I couldn‚Äôt spend a happy morning</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Not seeing Piglet.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And it doesn‚Äôt seem to matter</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If I don‚Äôt see Owl and Eeyore</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i2">(or any of the others),</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I‚Äôm not going to see Owl or Eeyore</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i2">(or any of the others)</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Or Christopher Robin.</span>
				</p>
			</blockquote>
			<p>Written down, like this, it doesn‚Äôt seem a very good song, but coming through pale fawn fluff at about half-past eleven on a very sunny morning, it seemed to Pooh to be one of the best songs he had ever sung. So he went on singing it.</p>
			<p>Piglet was busy digging a small hole in the ground outside his house.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHallo, Piglet,‚Äù said Pooh.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHallo, Pooh,‚Äù said Piglet, giving a jump of surprise. ‚ÄúI knew it was you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo did I,‚Äù said Pooh. ‚ÄúWhat are you doing?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm planting a haycorn, Pooh, so that it can grow up into an oak-tree, and have lots of haycorns just outside the front door instead of having to walk miles and miles, do you see, Pooh?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSupposing it doesn‚Äôt?‚Äù said Pooh.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt will, because Christopher Robin says it will, so that‚Äôs why I‚Äôm planting it.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell,‚Äù said Pooh, ‚Äúif I plant a honeycomb outside my house, then it will grow up into a beehive.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Piglet wasn‚Äôt quite sure about this.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOr a <em>piece</em> of a honeycomb,‚Äù said Pooh, ‚Äúso as not to waste too much. Only then I might only get a piece of a beehive, and it might be the wrong piece, where the bees were buzzing and not hunnying. Bother.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Piglet agreed that that would be rather bothering.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúBesides, Pooh, it‚Äôs a very difficult thing, planting unless you know how to do it,‚Äù he said; and he put the acorn in the hole he had made, and covered it up with earth, and jumped on it.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI do know,‚Äù said Pooh, ‚Äúbecause Christopher Robin gave me a mastershalum seed, and I planted it, and I‚Äôm going to have mastershalums all over the front door.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI thought they were called nasturtiums,‚Äù said Piglet timidly, as he went on jumping.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo,‚Äù said Pooh. ‚ÄúNot these. These are called mastershalums.‚Äù</p>
			<p>When Piglet had finished jumping, he wiped his paws on his front, and said, ‚ÄúWhat shall we do now?‚Äù and Pooh said, ‚ÄúLet‚Äôs go and see Kanga and Roo and Tigger,‚Äù and Piglet said, ‚ÄúY-yes. L-lets‚Äù‚ÅÝ‚Äîbecause he was still a little anxious about Tigger, who was a Very Bouncy Animal, with a way of saying How-do-you-do, which always left your ears full of sand, even after Kanga had said, ‚ÄúGently, Tigger dear,‚Äù and had helped you up again. So they set off for Kanga‚Äôs house.</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>Now it happened that Kanga had felt rather motherly that morning, and Wanting to Count Things‚ÅÝ‚Äîlike Roo‚Äôs vests, and how many pieces of soap there were left, and the two clean spots in Tigger‚Äôs feeder; so she had sent them out with a packet of watercress sandwiches for Roo and a packet of extract-of-malt sandwiches for Tigger, to have a nice long morning in the Forest not getting into mischief. And off they had gone.</p>
			<p>And as they went, Tigger told Roo (who wanted to know) all about the things that Tiggers could do.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCan they fly?‚Äù asked Roo.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes,‚Äù said Tigger, ‚Äúthey‚Äôre very good flyers, Tiggers are. Stornry good flyers.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOo!‚Äù said Roo. ‚ÄúCan they fly as well as Owl?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes,‚Äù said Tigger. ‚ÄúOnly they don‚Äôt want to.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhy don‚Äôt they want to?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, they just don‚Äôt like it, somehow.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Roo couldn‚Äôt understand this, because he thought it would be lovely to be able to fly, but Tigger said it was difficult to explain to anybody who wasn‚Äôt a Tigger himself.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell,‚Äù said Roo, ‚Äúcan they jump as far as Kangas?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes,‚Äù said Tigger. ‚ÄúWhen they want to.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI <em>love</em> jumping,‚Äù said Roo. ‚ÄúLet‚Äôs see who can jump farthest, you or me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<em>I</em> can,‚Äù said Tigger. ‚ÄúBut we mustn‚Äôt stop now, or we shall be late.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLate for what?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúFor whatever we want to be in time for,‚Äù said Tigger, hurrying on.</p>
			<p>In a little while they came to the Six Pine Trees.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI can swim,‚Äù said Roo. ‚ÄúI fell into the river, and I swimmed. Can Tiggers swim?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOf course they can. Tiggers can do everything.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCan they climb trees better than Pooh?‚Äù asked Roo, stopping under the tallest Pine Tree, and looking up at it.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúClimbing trees is what they do best,‚Äù said Tigger. ‚ÄúMuch better than Poohs.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCould they climb this one?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey‚Äôre always climbing trees like that,‚Äù said Tigger. ‚ÄúUp and down all day.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOo, Tigger, are they <em>really</em>?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll show you,‚Äù said Tigger bravely, ‚Äúand you can sit on my back and watch me.‚Äù For of all the things which he had said Tiggers could do, the only one he felt really certain about suddenly was climbing trees.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOo, Tigger, oo, Tigger, oo, Tigger!‚Äù squeaked Roo excitedly.</p>
			<p>So he sat on Tigger‚Äôs back and up they went.</p>
			<p>And for the first ten feet Tigger said happily to himself, ‚ÄúUp we go!‚Äù</p>
			<p>And for the next ten feet he said:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI always <em>said</em> Tiggers could climb trees.‚Äù</p>
			<p>And for the next ten feet he said:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNot that it‚Äôs easy, mind you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>And for the next ten feet he said:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOf course, there‚Äôs the coming-down too. Backwards.‚Äù</p>
			<p>And then he said:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhich will be difficult‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúUnless one fell‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhen it would be‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<strong>Easy</strong>.‚Äù</p>
			<p>And at the word ‚Äúeasy‚Äù the branch he was standing on broke suddenly, and he just managed to clutch at the one above him as he felt himself going‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ and then slowly he got his chin over it‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ and then one back paw‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ and then the other‚ÅÝ‚Ää‚ÅÝ‚Ä¶ until at last he was sitting on it, breathing very quickly, and wishing that he had gone in for swimming instead.</p>
			<p>Roo climbed off, and sat down next to him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOo, Tigger,‚Äù he said excitedly, ‚Äúare we at the top?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo,‚Äù said Tigger.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAre we going to the top?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúNo,‚Äù said Tigger.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh!‚Äù said Roo rather sadly. And then he went on hopefully: ‚ÄúThat was a lovely bit just now, when you pretended we were going to fall-bump-to-the-bottom, and we didn‚Äôt. Will you do that bit again?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<strong>No</strong>,‚Äù said Tigger.</p>
			<p>Roo was silent for a little while, and then he said, ‚ÄúShall we eat our sandwiches, Tigger?‚Äù And Tigger said, ‚ÄúYes, where are they?‚Äù And Roo said, ‚ÄúAt the bottom of the tree.‚Äù And Tigger said, ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt think we‚Äôd better eat them just yet.‚Äù So they didn‚Äôt.</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>By and by Pooh and Piglet came along. Pooh was telling Piglet in a singing voice that it didn‚Äôt seem to matter, if he didn‚Äôt get any fatter, and he didn‚Äôt <em>think</em> he was getting any fatter, what he did; and Piglet was wondering how long it would be before his haycorn came up.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLook, Pooh!‚Äù said Piglet suddenly. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs something in one of the Pine Trees.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo there is!‚Äù said Pooh, looking up wonderingly. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs an Animal.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Piglet took Pooh‚Äôs arm, in case Pooh was frightened.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIs it One of the Fiercer Animals?‚Äù he said, looking the other way.</p>
			<p>Pooh nodded.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a Jagular,‚Äù he said.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWhat do Jagulars do?‚Äù asked Piglet, hoping that they wouldn‚Äôt.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey hide in the branches of trees, and drop on you as you go underneath,‚Äù said Pooh. ‚ÄúChristopher Robin told me.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPerhaps we better hadn‚Äôt go underneath, Pooh. In case he dropped and hurt himself.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThey don‚Äôt hurt themselves,‚Äù said Pooh. ‚ÄúThey‚Äôre such very good droppers.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Piglet still felt that to be underneath a Very Good Dropper would be a Mistake, and he was just going to hurry back for something which he had forgotten when the Jagular called out to them.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHelp! Help!‚Äù it called.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs what Jagulars always do,‚Äù said Pooh, much interested. ‚ÄúThey call ‚ÄòHelp! Help!‚Äô and then when you look up, they drop on you.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôm looking <em>down</em>,‚Äù cried Piglet loudly, so as the Jagular shouldn‚Äôt do the wrong thing by accident.</p>
			<p>Something very excited next to the Jagular heard him, and squeaked:</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPooh and Piglet! Pooh and Piglet!‚Äù</p>
			<p>All of a sudden Piglet felt that it was a much nicer day than he had thought it was. All warm and sunny‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚ÅÝ</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPooh!‚Äù he cried. ‚ÄúI believe it‚Äôs Tigger and Roo!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúSo it is,‚Äù said Pooh. ‚ÄúI thought it was a Jagular and another Jagular.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHallo, Roo!‚Äù called Piglet. ‚ÄúWhat are you doing?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWe can‚Äôt get down, we can‚Äôt get down!‚Äù cried Roo. ‚ÄúIsn‚Äôt it fun? Pooh, isn‚Äôt it fun, Tigger and I are living in a tree, like Owl, and we‚Äôre going to stay here forever and ever. I can see Piglet‚Äôs house. Piglet, I can see your house from here. Aren‚Äôt we high? Is Owl‚Äôs house as high up as this?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúHow did you get there, Roo?‚Äù asked Piglet.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOn Tigger‚Äôs back! And Tiggers can‚Äôt climb downwards, because their tails get in the way, only upwards, and Tigger forgot about that when we started, and he‚Äôs only just remembered. So we‚Äôve got to stay here forever and ever‚ÅÝ‚Äîunless we go higher. What did you say, Tigger? Oh, Tigger says if we go higher we shan‚Äôt be able to see Piglet‚Äôs house so well, so we‚Äôre going to stop here.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúPiglet,‚Äù said Pooh solemnly, when he had heard all this, ‚Äúwhat shall we do?‚Äù And he began to eat Tigger‚Äôs sandwiches.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAre they stuck?‚Äù asked Piglet anxiously.</p>
			<p>Pooh nodded.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCouldn‚Äôt you climb up to them?‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI might, Piglet, and I might bring Roo down on my back, but I couldn‚Äôt bring Tigger down. So we must think of something else.‚Äù And in a thoughtful way he began to eat Roo‚Äôs sandwiches, too.</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>Whether he would have thought of anything before he had finished the last sandwich, I don‚Äôt know, but he had just got to the last but one when there was a crackling in the bracken, and Christopher Robin and Eeyore came strolling along together.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI shouldn‚Äôt be surprised if it hailed a good deal tomorrow,‚Äù Eeyore was saying. ‚ÄúBlizzards and whatnot. Being fine today doesn‚Äôt Mean Anything. It has no sig‚ÅÝ‚Äîwhat‚Äôs that word? Well, it has none of that. It‚Äôs just a small piece of weather.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThere‚Äôs Pooh!‚Äù said Christopher Robin, who didn‚Äôt much mind <em>what</em> it did tomorrow, as long as he was out in it. ‚ÄúHallo, Pooh!‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIt‚Äôs Christopher Robin!‚Äù said Piglet. ‚Äú<em>He‚Äôll</em> know what to do.‚Äù</p>
			<p>They hurried up to him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, Christopher Robin,‚Äù began Pooh.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd Eeyore,‚Äù said Eeyore.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúTigger and Roo are right up the Six Pine Trees, and they can‚Äôt get down, and‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd I was just saying,‚Äù put in Piglet, ‚Äúthat if only Christopher Robin‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<em>And</em> Eeyore‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúIf only you were here, then we could think of something to do.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Christopher Robin looked up at Tigger and Roo, and tried to think of something.</p>
			<p>‚Äú<em>I</em> thought,‚Äù said Piglet earnestly, ‚Äúthat if Eeyore stood at the bottom of the tree, and if Pooh stood on Eeyore‚Äôs back, and if I stood on Pooh‚Äôs shoulders‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúAnd if Eeyore‚Äôs back snapped suddenly, then we could all laugh. Ha ha! Amusing in a quiet way,‚Äù said Eeyore, ‚Äúbut not really helpful.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell,‚Äù said Piglet meekly, ‚Äú<em>I</em> thought‚ÅÝ‚Äî‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWould it break your back, Eeyore?‚Äù asked Pooh, very much surprised.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúThat‚Äôs what would be so interesting, Pooh. Not being quite sure till afterwards.‚Äù</p>
			<p>Pooh said ‚ÄúOh!‚Äù and they all began to think again.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôve got an idea!‚Äù cried Christopher Robin suddenly.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúListen to this, Piglet,‚Äù said Eeyore, ‚Äúand then you‚Äôll know what we‚Äôre trying to do.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúI‚Äôll take off my tunic and we‚Äôll each hold a corner, and then Roo and Tigger can jump into it, and it will be all soft and bouncy for them, and they won‚Äôt hurt themselves.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚Äú<em>Getting Tigger down</em>,‚Äù said Eeyore, ‚Äúand <em>Not hurting anybody</em>. Keep those two ideas in your head, Piglet, and you‚Äôll be all right.‚Äù</p>
			<p>But Piglet wasn‚Äôt listening, he was so agog at the thought of seeing Christopher Robin‚Äôs blue braces again. He had only seen them once before, when he was much younger, and, being a little overexcited by them, had had to go to bed half an hour earlier than usual; and he had always wondered since if they were <em>really</em> as blue and as bracing as he had thought them. So when Christopher Robin took his tunic off, and they were, he felt quite friendly to Eeyore again, and held the corner of the tunic next to him and smiled happily at him. And Eeyore whispered back: ‚ÄúI‚Äôm not saying there won‚Äôt be an Accident <em>now</em>, mind you. They‚Äôre funny things, Accidents. You never have them till you‚Äôre having them.‚Äù</p>
			<p>When Roo understood what he had to do, he was wildly excited, and cried out: ‚ÄúTigger, Tigger, we‚Äôre going to jump! Look at me jumping, Tigger! Like flying, my jumping will be. Can Tiggers do it?‚Äù And he squeaked out: ‚ÄúI‚Äôm coming, Christopher Robin!‚Äù and he jumped‚ÅÝ‚Äîstraight into the middle of the tunic. And he was going so fast that he bounced up again almost as high as where he was before‚ÅÝ‚Äîand went on bouncing and saying, ‚ÄúOo!‚Äù for quite a long time‚ÅÝ‚Äîand then at last he stopped and said, ‚ÄúOo, lovely!‚Äù And they put him on the ground.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCome on, Tigger,‚Äù he called out. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs easy.‚Äù</p>
			<p>But Tigger was holding on to the branch and saying to himself: ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs all very well for Jumping Animals like Kangas, but it‚Äôs quite different for Swimming Animals like Tiggers.‚Äù And he thought of himself floating on his back down a river, or striking out from one island to another, and he felt that that was really the life for a Tigger.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCome along,‚Äù called Christopher Robin. ‚ÄúYou‚Äôll be all right.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúJust wait a moment,‚Äù said Tigger nervously. ‚ÄúSmall piece of bark in my eye.‚Äù And he moved slowly along his branch.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúCome on, it‚Äôs easy!‚Äù squeaked Roo. And suddenly Tigger found how easy it was.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOw!‚Äù he shouted as the tree flew past him.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúLook out!‚Äù cried Christopher Robin to the others.</p>
			<p>There was a crash, and a tearing noise, and a confused heap of everybody on the ground.</p>
			<p>Christopher Robin and Pooh and Piglet picked themselves up first, and then they picked Tigger up, and underneath everybody else was Eeyore.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúOh, Eeyore!‚Äù cried Christopher Robin. ‚ÄúAre you hurt?‚Äù And he felt him rather anxiously, and dusted him and helped him to stand up again.</p>
			<p>Eeyore said nothing for a long time. And then he said: ‚ÄúIs Tigger there?‚Äù</p>
			<p>Tigger was there, feeling Bouncy again already.</p>
			<p>‚ÄúYes,‚Äù said Christopher Robin. ‚ÄúTigger‚Äôs here.‚Äù</p>
			<p>‚ÄúWell, just thank him for me,‚Äù said Eeyore.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
